ios_client/Pods/Target Support Files/Pods/Pods-acknowledgements.markdown, before:

# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## OpenCV

By downloading, copying, installing or using the software you agree to this license.
If you do not agree to this license, do not download, install,
copy or use the software.


    License Agreement
    For Open Source Computer Vision Library
    (3-clause BSD License)

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistribution's of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    * Redistribution's in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    * The name of the copyright holders may not be used to endorse or promote products
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

This software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors "as is" and
 any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied
 warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed.
In no event shall the Intel Corporation or contributors be liable for any direct,
indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages
(including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services;
loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused
and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability,
or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of
the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.


Generated by CocoaPods - http://cocoapods.org

Commit message:

ads sliding menu and camera preview

ios_client/Pods/Target Support Files/Pods/Pods-acknowledgements.markdown, after:

# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## ECSlidingViewController

Copyright (C) 2013 EdgeCase

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


## OpenCV

By downloading, copying, installing or using the software you agree to this license.
If you do not agree to this license, do not download, install,
copy or use the software.


    License Agreement
    For Open Source Computer Vision Library
    (3-clause BSD License)

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistribution's of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    * Redistribution's in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    * The name of the copyright holders may not be used to endorse or promote products
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

This software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors "as is" and
 any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied
 warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed.
In no event shall the Intel Corporation or contributors be liable for any direct,
indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages
(including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services;
loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused
and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability,
or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of
the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.


Generated by CocoaPods - http://cocoapods.org
